Shit to add:

It is time to create a new tool for the SitkaTools suite. The tool is EmployeeWizard. Create a new folder, .MD file, and dummy HTML page.  Do not implement any
javascript or HTML, do not make the link in the main app or touch the main SitkaTools.html. Just make a blank stub that follows the same layout and conventions as the other subtools with just a close
button.  This tool sorts by lot to track tasks.  Put the design into the .MD file, ask any questions you need for
me to design this.

The wizard will have two main tabs, both tabs have a main view that is a two panel set up that has a similar layout depending
on which tab you have open.

two tabs: Employees and Tasks.

[
Employee tab:

Scrolling list of employees on the left, with the editor panel on the right when an employee is highlighted .  When no employee
is highlighted the right panel should show a 7 calendar of a work week with names of employees working that specific day.

When an employee is highlighted, the calendar switches to a editor panel for that specific employee. At this top is 7 buttons in a row (one for each day of the week) that you can set to 
green or red to set the days that employee is working ongoing. Under that there will be 3 fields for name, wage, and confirm wage.  At the bottom of the panel
is two buttons, one to save changes to employee, and another one to "Request time off".

If request time off is clicked, the panel
switches to a "Time-off" view, which shows a calendar to create book-off events that become calendar events (Can be multi day or partial) .
The calendar shows regular days on, booked off days, and at the bottom is a list of Time off events with little Xs to delete them.

The scrolling employee list on the left should have a little red X next to employees to delete them, after confirmation.

set default wage in fields to 20$/hour
Employees set a "secret" wage (Not visible on dash, but is stored in main json db). Wage can be changed.

Time-off management.  Set regular on-going schedules for employees and book off absences.

Does not create calendar events for employees ongoing shifts. only creates calendar events
when employees book time off.  This tool keeps a map of names and regular work days and wages for employees in its key in the main json db.
Man hour tracking.  How many people x how much pay x how many hours for tasks.  Day to day tracking.  Averages time per plant
on tasks to find average for different size rooms

Employees and their information all gets saved into this tools entry in the main json db.
]

[
Task tab:

Scrolling list of tasks related to selected lot on the left, with the editor panel on the right.

Tasks reads calendar events on the lot and looks for jobs created by any Labour wizard (CropLabourWizard currently only exists, but 
in the future more may come).  Task can have a "labour_map" key added.
The map tracks individual days as the key, with employee and hours worked as the values. 
This lets your record daily hours into a task and mark as completed from this tab if task is finished in the editor panel for the highlighted task.
Tasks are selected from a simple terminal list defaulting to today, not showing completed old tasks unless a checkbox is selected.
If old tasks are shown, the list should still default to "today" and you can scroll up to old tasks.

When a task is highlighted, the right editor panel allows you to assign employees to todays labour map, or modify previous days.
You can either pick an existing employee and input a time in hours and minutes, or you can fill in a field for "Temp employee" with a name
and wage. Temp employees can be assigned on the task by name below where you would select a regular employee on a task
]
 Below the tabs:
[
Below both panels, is the labour report section:
Generate labour reports:  labour reports per crop (Total recorded), per day/week across all crops, per task (Average across crops per plant/individual events),
and any other report a director might want.

Labour reports provide insightful graphs on cost per task, cost trends by crop or strain or room.

When tracking how much a task costs or how much time it took, we always want to be able to figure out "Per plant", as different lots
are for different size rooms.
]


When planning implementation order, the first step will be setting up the app's popup to be consistent with the other tools.  Get the 
DB through post message following the same standards as defined in the main Agent.MD.

The second step will be making blank dummies of both Employee and Task tab, with a blank dummy of the wage report at the bottom.

-first we make the employees tab and get it fully functional
-then we make the tasks tab and get it fully functional
-and lastly We're going to do the labour reporting later.  Can be left as a dummy stub.

Now we are ready to make the .MD, empty .html file and folder.  Fill out the .MD with the above specs and ask any questions you need.
